style: apply /style-guide pass to weave (#2739)
wandb/docs: weave/cookbooks/feedback_prod.mdx

- [View source on GitHub](https://github.com/wandb/docs/blob/main/weave/cookbooks/source/feedback_prod.ipynb)
</Note>

> Automatically evaluating a generated LLM response is often hard. Depending on your risk tolerance, you can gather direct user feedback to find areas to improve.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Automatically evaluating a generated LLM response can be difficult. To better evaluate and improve responses, you can additionally gather direct user feedback to identify problem areas.
```

Author: Applied verbatim in 558ba397a.

> In this tutorial, you use a custom chatbot as an example app from which to collect user feedback. You use Streamlit to build the interface and capture the LLM interactions and feedback in W&B Weave. By the end, you have a running chatbot that logs each response to Weave alongside thumbs-up or thumbs-down reactions and free-text feedback from your users, so you can review production interactions and identify areas for improvement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This notebook demonstrates how to collect user feedback about the responses from a custom chatbot. It uses Streamlit to build the interface and capture the LLM interactions and feedback in W&B Weave. By the end, you have a running chatbot that logs each response to Weave, along with thumbs-up or thumbs-down reactions and free-text feedback from your users, so you can review production interactions and identify areas for improvement.
```

Author: Applied verbatim in 558ba397a.

    result = predict(input_data="your data here")  # user question through the App UI
```

> To attach feedback, you need the `call` object, which you obtain by using the `.call()` method _instead of calling the function as normal_:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To attach feedback, you need the `call` object, which you obtain by using the `.call()` method instead of calling the function as normal:
```

Author: Applied verbatim in 558ba397a.
